公司在搭建AI实验室，基于他们输入法这块做AI机器人，目前他们的日活用户5600w，总用户在5个亿，希望是NLP背景，做过语义、文字这块方向，不需要图形图像语音这块的，更偏重技术能力，轻管理，目前整个团队在组建中，上海这边有一个小团队，还需要4-5个HC，包括首席科学家，技术Leader，资深研发工程师等，学校背景要好，有国外背景更加好，base硅谷、北京、上海，薪资没有上限。

一、Software Engineer, Machine Learning

RESPONSIBILITIES

• Build scalable ML systems.

• Manage individual projects and ensure
deliveries.

• Write technical documents.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

• MS in STEM or equivalent practical
experience.

• Expertise in ML, including DNN.

• Expertise in ML frameworks such as
TensorFlow.

• Strong programming ability.

• Proficiency in English, verbal and
written.

• Qualified technical writing skill.

• Good communication skill.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

• PhD in ML.

• Expertise in data analysis.

• Expertise in data science experiments.

• Experience in mentoring engineers.

LOCATION

Mountain View CA

Shanghai

Beijing



二 、Software Engineer, Natural Language Processing

RESPONSIBILITIES

• Build scalable NLP systems.

• Manage individual projects and ensure
deliveries.

• Write technical documents.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

• MS in STEM or equivalent practical
experience.

• Expertise in NLP, including machine
translation, speech recognition, question answering,

knowledge graph, and/or language modeling.

• Strong programming ability with major NLP
toolkits.

• Proficiency in English, verbal and
written.

• Qualified technical writing skill.

• Good communication skill.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

• PhD in NLP or related fields.

• Expertise in data analysis.

• Expertise in data science experiments.

• Experience in mentoring engineers.

LOCATION

Mountain View CA

Shanghai

Beijing



三 、Applied Scientist, Data Science

RESPONSIBILITIES

• Solve data science problems.

• Apply data science to business problems.

• Research and develop AI enabled products.

• Mentor engineers and scientists.

• Manage individual projects and ensure
deliveries.

• Write technical documents.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

• MS in STEM or equivalent practical
experience.

• 2+ years as engineer/scientist in data
science or related fields.

• Expertise in data science and/or NLP.

• Expertise in data analysis.

• Expertise in data science experiments.

• Strong knowledge in ML including DNN.

• Qualified programming ability.

• Proficiency in English, verbal and
written.

• Strongly self-driven, result-oriented and
reliable.

• Strong technical writing skill.

• Strong sense in converting data science
results to new or existing business models.

• Good communication skill.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

• PhD in data science or related fields.

• Strategic thinking to create roadmap for
AI enabled products.

• Experience in mentoring scientists and
leading engineers.

• Experience in building end to end data
science procedures.

• Experience in building AI module of AI
enabled products.

LOCATION

Mountain View CA

Shanghai

Beijing



四、Engineering Manager

RESPONSIBILITIES

• Manage a team of engineers and
scientists.

• Responsible for building AI enabled
products.

• Manage projects, prioritize deadlines and
ensure deliveries.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

• BA/BS in STEM or equivalent practical
experience.

• 5+ years technical and management
experience.

• Management experience of teams of 5+
people.

• Strong programming ability.

• Proficiency in English, verbal and
written.

• Strongly self-driven, result-oriented and
reliable.

• Good communication skill.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

• Ms or PhD in STEM related fields.

• Experience in data analysis.

• Experience indata science experiments.

• Knowledge in machine learning including
deep neural network.

• Experience in building end to end data
science products.

LOCATION

Mountain View CA

Shanghai



微信：Cathy-LYY

邮箱： cathy.liu@gitalent.cn
